[GRUNTS]
[HEAVES]
OH, MY GRANDMOTHER
COULD TAKE THAT
GUY OUT,
AND SHE'S
1,400 YEARS OLD!
HEY, HEY!
I'M ONLY 1,392!
DOWN IN FRONT, GRANDMA, HUH?
[GRANDMA GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
UNH!
SO ANYWAY, IF THE
RUSHING OGRE CLIPS
THE LEFT WINGER,
HE GETS
6 FREE THROWS
AND--INCOMING!
WHOA. DOES ANYONE EVER
GET HIT BY THOSE THINGS?
KID, COME ON.
THIS GAME IS ABOUT
TEAM-BUILDING
AND SPORTSMANSHIP,
NOT VIOLENCE AND--
[OGRE GROANS]
OH! OH!
FIGHT!
[OGRES GRUNTING]
[GRANDMA GRUNTING]
TAKE THIS, YOU--
TEMPERS ARE HIGH.
SEE, THE WINNER
OF THIS GAME
THE GRAND-DADDY OF
ALL BOULDER BALL GAMES.
GUARD YOUR GRILL,
GRANDMA!
WHOO! AND THAT WAS
JUST THE FIRST PERIOD.
WELL, LET'S SEE.
UH, WE'RE PLAYING
WINTER RULES,
SO...ONLY 17.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
QUADRUPLE OVERTIME!
AW, THIS IS HISTORY, KID.
MAYBE IT'LL END
IN A TIE.
[SNORING]
[SPUTTERS]
AMATEUR.
[SNORING CONTINUES]
MR. LONG!
[GERMAN ACCENT]
THE CORRECT ANSWER
IS CYCLOPS.
MR. LONG, FRIDAY'S
TEST COUNTS FOR
YOU KNOW WHAT?
50% OF YOUR GRADE,
SO...IF YOU DON'T
SHAPE UP BY THEN,
YOU WILL GET
THE DISTINCT PLEASURE
OF SEEING ME,
PROFESSOR ROTWOOD,
IN THE BERMUDA SHORTS
WITH THE FLIPPY-FLOPPY
SANDALS.
MEANING?
SUMMER SCHOOL!
AW, MAN.
♪ HE'S COOL, HE'S HOT
LIKE A FROZEN SUN ♪
♪ HE'S YOUNG AND FAST,
HE'S THE CHOSEN ONE ♪
♪ PEOPLE,
WE'RE NOT BRAGGIN' ♪
♪ HE'S THE AMERICAN DRAGON ♪
♪ HE'S GONNA STOP
HIS ENEMIES ♪
♪ DRAGON TEETH, DRAGON TAIL,
BURNIN' DRAGON FIRE ♪
♪ REAL LIVE WIRE ♪
♪ AMERICAN DRAGON ♪
DRAGON UP!
OH, OH, OH,
WHOA!
♪ HE'S THE AMERICAN DRAGON ♪
♪ BREAK IT DOWN
WITH THE DRAGON ♪
♪ SKILLS ARE
GETTIN' FASTER ♪
♪ WITH GRANDPA,
THE MASTER ♪
♪ HIS DESTINY
WILL WALK UP SHEETS ♪
♪ IT'S SHOWTIME, BABY,
FOR THE LEGACY ♪
♪ AMERICAN DRAGON ♪
♪ FROM THE "J"
TO THE "A" ♪
♪ TO THE "K"
TO THE "E" ♪
♪ I'M THE MACKDADDY DRAGON
OF THE N.Y.C. ♪
YA HEARD!
JAKE! GET BACK
TO WORK!
AW, MAN.
UH-UH. COME ON, FU!
JUST A LITTLE MEMORY POTION
TO GET ME BY UNTIL
AFTER I PASS THE TEST.
OH, JAKE.
CUTTING ONE CORNER
JUST LEADS TO 2 MORE.
UH, YOU JUST CUT UP
MY HOMEWORK.
THE SCISSORS OF LIFE
MAY CUT YOU MANY THINGS,
BUT...HI-YA!
DO NOT QUESTION
YOUR DRAGON MASTER!
I HAVE AN IMPORTANT
MISSION FOR YOU.
HI, JAKE!
REMEMBER US?
YOU WILL!
OH, YEAH. THE ORACLE TWINS.
SO ARE YOU THE ONE THAT
ONLY SEES THE GOOD STUFF
YOU'RE GONNA GET
A NASTY CASE OF POISON IVY
ALL OVER YOUR HEAD IN JULY.
A POX UPON YOUR FACE!
HEE HEE!
RIGHT. BAD STUFF.
THE ONE WHO SEES
ALL THE GOOD STUFF.
WHAT'S UP?
YOU'RE CAVITY-FREE
THIS YEAR.
YEAH!
ROOT CANAL NEXT YEAR!
AWW.
JAKE,
THE ORACLE TWINS
ARE IN
GRAVE DANGER.
SOMEONE
IS AFTER THEM.
HERBERT! WHAT DOES
A GOBLIN CRIME BOSS
WANT WITH
THE ORACLE TWINS?
HE PLANS TO CAPTURE
THE TWINS
AND FORCE THEM
TO MAKE PREDICTIONS
ON THE OUTCOME
OF THE OGRE BOWL.
[GASPS]
USING A MAGICAL GIFT
WILL THOSE GOBLINS
STOP AT NOTHING?
CHECK OUT THE CENTAUR
RACING PAGE.
ANYTHING? THROW ME
A BONE, WILL YA, HUH?
AHEM.
I'M A BAD DOG.
[WHISPERS]
We'll talk later.
JAKE, AS THE
AMERICAN DRAGON,
YOU MUST PROTECT
THE ORACLE TWINS
UNTIL AFTER
THE OGRE BOWL.
YO, GRAMPS,
I'M ALL OVER IT.
HOW ABOUT
I PICK Y'ALL UP
ON FRIDAY
NO! THE OGRE BOWL
FRIDAY.
BUT YOU MUST FIND A WAY
TO BALANCE YOUR
SCHOOL WORK
AND YOUR DRAGON DUTIES.
THANKS
FOR YOUR HELP.
AND DON'T SLIP ON
THE NEWT EYEBALLS!
NEWT EYEBALLS?
WHAT NEWT EYEBALLS?
EWW! TALK ABOUT
ROLLING YOUR EYES!
HA HA HA HA!
I GOT A MILLION OF 'EM.
SO, IF YOU LADIES
CAN SEE EVERYTHING,
CAN'T YOU JUST SEE
WHEN HERBERT'S COMING
HMM. THEY MAY BE
DESCENDANTS OF THE
ORACLE OF DELPHI,
BUT THE BLOODLINE'S THIN
AFTER A COUPLE THOUSAND
YEARS.
HORRIBLE,
DISTURBING VISIONS
THAT HAUNT MY EVERY
WAKING MOMENT...
MINE ALWAYS SEEM TO HAVE
CINNAMON RAINBOWS
AND GINGHAM PUPPIES
IN THEM.
OH, I HEAR YOU, SISTER.
THE CHEWING, THE YAPPING,
THE CARPET STAINS--
AW, BLECH.
I KNEW IT.
WE'VE BEEN REPLACED.
IT WAS ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
UNTIL YOU GOT
CUTER SIDEKICKS.
SPEAK FOR
YOURSELF, SPUD.
YO, I TOLD YOU,
THEY'RE NOT
MY SIDEKICKS.
WE'RE POSING AS
HIS COUSINS FROM
OUT OF TOWN.
I FORGIVE YOU
FOR SPITTING SODA
ALL OVER ME.
WHAT? AIN'T NOBODY SPIT!
CARA AND SARA
SEE FLASHES OF
THE FUTURE.
CARA SEES
GOOD STUFF.
SARA SEES BAD STUFF.
QUIT PLAYIN'!
OK, OK. WHAT DO Y'ALL
SEE ABOUT ME?
COME ON, COME ON,
HOOK MAMA TRIXIE UP
WITH A LITTLE
SOMETHING SOMETHING.
YOU AND YO-YO BOY
ARE GONNA TIE THE KNOT.
[SPEWS]
WHAT THE--HUH?
YO, THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
I'M TYING THE KNOT
WITH DENZEL.
YOU AND DEN--
WHAT?
WHY DIDN'T I GET
AN INVITATION?
BEFORE YOU REPLACED ME
WITH A CUTER SIDEKICK.
[PANTING]
I SMELL THEM
APPROACHING, BOSS.
[SNIFFING]
LET'S TAKE THEM.
NOT NOW. WE MUST WAIT
UNTIL THEY'RE ALONE.
ARE YOU TWO...
READY?
BLEND IN WITH THEM
AT SCHOOL.
WATCH THEIR EVERY MOVE.
THE OGRE BOWL
IS THIS FRIDAY.
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
OK, HERE'S THE DRILL.
TOMORROW AT 2 P.M.,
I HAVE, LIKE,
THE MOST IMPORTANT TEST
OF MY LIFE,
SO FROM NOW UNTIL THEN,
MY ONE AND ONLY FOCUS
WILL BE...
ROSE!
WHAT'S UP?
OH, HEY, JAKE.
TOMORROW YOU'RE GONNA
GET A MASSIVE ZIT
ON YOUR--
PEOPLE IN THE HUMAN REALM
AREN'T USED TO ORACLES
SO JUST--YO, JUST CHILL.
YOU SEE WHAT I'M SAYING?
YEAH, UH-HUH.
SOMEONE'S GONNA
STEAL YOUR PUDDING.
[SIGHS]
NOT AGAIN.
GUYS, PLEASE!
IX-NAY ON
THE ISIONS-VAYS!
YOU--YOU'RE GONNA
BE A BROADWAY STAR
ONE DAY.
I GOTTA DANCE,
AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!
ATTITUDE. JAZZ HANDS!
AND I'M OFF! FOSSE,
FOSSE, FOSSE, FOSSE.
[GRUFF VOICE]
HEY, WATCH IT!
[HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
UH, I MEAN...
I WAS ALL, BOBBY LIKES ME
AND NOT YOU!
AND SHE WAS ALL, NUH-UH!
AND I WAS ALL,
UH-HUH!
WE CAN'T HELP IT, JAKE.
THE VISIONS
JUST COME TO US.
AND THEN WE HAVE TO
BLURT THEM OUT.
SORRY ABOUT YOUR NASTY
BREAK-UP NEXT SPRING.
AND ON PROM NIGHT, TOO!
[WHISPERS]
Bring cab fare.
IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE
FOR US NOT TO SAY THEM.
JUST LIKE IT'S
PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE
FOR ME TO TOUCH
MY TONGUE TO MY NOSE.
YOU SEE?
[GRUNTING]
OK, FINE.
BUT MAYBE
YOU CAN JUST...
SUGAR COAT IT A LITTLE.
[GRUNTS]
ALSO IMPOSSIBLE.
EVERY VISION WE FORETELL
IS 100% TRUE
AND CERTAIN TO HAPPEN.
[GRUNTING]
IT CAN'T BE TRUE! I AM NOT
TYING THE KNOT WITH THAT!
[GRUNTING]
OW!
PLEASE! PLEASE, TELL ME
YOU'VE BEEN WRONG ONCE.
JUST ONCE! WORK WITH ME!
UM, YEAH,
THE INSIDE OF MY NOSE
TASTES DIFFERENT THAN
I THOUGHT IT WOULD.
IT WAS KIND OF LIKE
CHICKEN.
[SOBBING]
OH, GOD.
Jake:
ALL RIGHT, SPUD. HIT ME.
NO. ACCORDING TO
ROTWOOD, IT'S A PIXIE.
WHAT? I WAS TOTALLY WRONG.
IT'S NO WONDER
WHY I'M FAILING HIS CLASS.
SAY IF ONE OF
YOUR VISION THINGIES
DIDN'T COME TRUE,
THEN THAT WOULD PROVE
THAT WE HAVE CONTROL
OVER OUR OWN DESTINIES.
YEP. YEP. RIGHT.
IT'S LIKE SHAKESPEARE
ONCE WROTE...
IT IS NOT IN THE STARS
TO HOLD OUR DESTINY,
I TRY TO HOLD MY DESTINY,
BUT I'VE GOT A REALLY
SMALL BLADDER.
LOOK, OUR VISIONS
ALWAYS COME TRUE.
AND SPUD
IS TOTALLY GONNA
SPILL CHOCOLATE MILK
IN APPROXIMATELY
30 SECONDS.
WELL, HERE'S WHERE YOUR VISIONS
ARE GOING DOWN!
YEAH! RIGHT ON, SPUD.
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
THAT'S RIGHT, BABY.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
YOU SEE? NO CHOCOLATE
MILK ANYWHERE NEAR ME.
WHOA! OW!
AAH!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
OHH...
YOUR PREDICTIONS, LIKE,
ALWAYS COME TRUE.
HONEY, I THINK WE SHOULD
HONEYMOON IN BORA BORA.
[WHIMPERING]
NO. DENZEL...
DENZEL...DENZEL...
THE SOONER WE GET BACK
TO GRAMP'S SHOP,
THE SOONER I GET
SOME STUDYING IN.
COME ON. SHORT CUT.
UM, CHAIN LINK FENCES
AND SANDALS
DON'T REALLY GO
TOGETHER, JAKE.
I SHOULD HAVE
SEEN THAT COMING.
[GIGGLES]
YOU JUST LOST YOUR SHOE.
THAT'S NOT A GOOD THING.
YOU KNOW WHAT IS
A GOOD THING?
ICE CREAM! I MEAN,
SERIOUSLY, YUM, RIGHT?
WHAT? ICE CREAM?
IT'S LIKE YOU ONLY FORESEE
HORRIBLE, ROTTEN STUFF,
AND YOUR LIFE IS NOTHING BUT
BUTTERFLIES AND GUM DROPS,
BUT YOU'RE ALWAYS MAD
ABOUT SOMETHING.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
WHEN YOU ONLY
SEE GOOD THINGS,
ALL THE PLEASANT SURPRISES
ARE TAKEN OUT OF LIFE.
BUT WHEN YOU SEE
ONLY BAD STUFF,
EVEN THE SMALLEST BIT
OF GOOD NEWS
DANG. I GUESS I NEVER
THOUGHT OF IT THAT WAY.
LIFE'S TOO SHORT
TO LET A LITTLE
BAD NEWS
OOH, SPEAKING OF
BAD NEWS,
GOBLINS ARE GONNA
FALL FROM THE SKY!
I BET THAT WILL BE
EXCITING.
NICE WORK. SEIZE THEM!
[GOBLINS LAUGHING]
[VOICE ECHOING]
DRAGON UP!
[GOBLINS GRUNTING AND GROANING]
[GOBLINS SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
HA! LOOK OUT, NOW!
TIME TO TAKE OUT
THE TRASH!
HA!
WHOO! HA! HA!
PUT A LID ON IT, YO!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Goblin: GET HIM!
HEY, YOU GOBLINS
DON'T QUIT!
THIS ENTIRE ALLEY
IS GONNA BE AWASH
WITH ROTTEN FISH.
PEE-EW!
Jake:
FISH! THAT'S IT!
SNIFF IT UP, GOBLINS!
[ALL GROANING]
IT'S AWFUL!
IT PAINS ME! CURSE
MY SENSITIVE NOSE!
AND FOR DRAGGING US
DOWN A DARK ALLEY
HEY, THANKS FOR HOOKING
ME UP IN THAT FISH TIP.
I COULDN'T HAVE BEAT
THE GOBLINS WITHOUT IT.
I JUST CALL 'EM
LIKE I SEE 'EM.
SPEAKING OF SEEING,
CONGRATULATIONS, GENIUS.
YOU'RE GONNA GET NUMBER 4 RIGHT
ON YOUR MYTHOLOGY TEST.
THOSE GUYS WERE TOTALLY
OVERRATED, IF YOU ASK ME.
UH, DID YOU JUST
HAVE A VISION
ABOUT THE RIGHT ANSWERS
TO MY MYTHOLOGY TEST?
LOOKS THAT WAY.
IF I DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D SLAP THE LIVING
DAYLIGHTS OUT OF ME.
OH, GOOD CALL.
I LIKE KISSES!
OK, OK. JUST
CLEAR YOUR MIND
AND GIVE ME SOME MORE
VISIONS FROM THE TEST.
JAKE, WE CAN'T ASK
FOR VISIONS TO COME.
THEY JUST DO. OH!
SPUD'S GONNA GET
NUMBER 12 WRONG.
WHAT DOES HE ANSWER?
TRUE.
AWESOME! 4 IS ARGONAUT.
12 IS FALSE.
WELL, THEY'RE NOT REAL SHOES.
THEY'RE LIKE PAW SOCKS.
THEY PROTECT YOUR PADS.
FU! DON'T DISTRACT THEM!
OK, LET'S TALK ABOUT
THE ESSAY SECTION.
HOW'S IT GOING IN HERE?
JUST PRACTICING
MY PAPER TRAINING.
HA. OH! TALK ABOUT
YOUR YELLOW
JOURNALISM.
BA-DOOM-BOOM.
HEH HEH. WHOA.
[GIGGLES]
WE'RE JUST HELPING JAKE
CHEAT ON
HIS MYTHOLOGY TEST!
WHAT? NO, NO, NOT CHEAT.
JAKE, REMEMBER, THE EASY WAY
IS NOT ALWAYS THE BEST WAY.
WHEN YOU CUT CORNERS--
AAH! I KNOW!
I KNOW!
[RAPPING]
THAT I'M LOOKING FORWARD
TO YOUR TEST TODAY
BUT YOU MIGHT HAVE TO INVENT
A GRADE HIGHER THAN AN "A."
HOP!
[BEAT BOXING]
HOLLA!
THE OGRE BOWL IS
THIS AFTERNOON.
WE HAVE TO GET
THOSE TWINS.
AHEM. UH, WHAT ARE
YOU LOOKING AT,
SISTER?
YOU THINK
YOU'RE ALL THAT?
THAT'S RIGHT,
KEEP WALKING, HONEY.
BOBBY'S MINE,
YOU HEAR ME?
WHEW. THANKS AGAIN
FOR THE TIP ABOUT THAT
SKUNKED MEAT LOAF.
MY PLEASURE!
LOOK, I'M JUST SAYING,
YOU KNOW ONIONS
GIVE YOU HEARTBURN.
IT'S MY LIFE, WOMAN!
WELL, WHAT ABOUT THE LIFE
THAT WE'RE SUPPOSED TO
BE BUILDING TOGETHER?
WHAT ABOUT LITTLE
SHANIQUA AND DENZELINA?
THAT DADDY CAN'T TAKE
THEM TO GYM-O-RAMA
BECAUSE HE'S
BURPING UP ONIONS.
[SIGHS]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
[GASPS]
THAT ROSE GIRL!
WHAT?
WHAT'S UP?
IS SHE OK?
NO, BUT SOMEONE'S GONNA
TAKE THE LAST PUDDING
BEFORE SHE GETS IT.
OH, ARE THEY?
MY PUDDING!
HERE.
THIS IS BETTER
FOR YOU, ANYWAY.
[SIGHS]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AHEM. PUDDIN', M'LADY?
YOU GOT ME
THE LAST ONE.
YO. HEH. THAT'S WHAT
FRIENDS ARE FOR.
OK, WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU SAID SOMEONE ELSE
WAS GONNA TAKE
THE LAST PUDDING.
HELLO, SOMEONE DID.
JAKE.
YEAH, BUT--BUT IF YOU
HADN'T HAVE--
AND THEN HE
WOULDN'T HAVE--
THEN YOU--HUH?
OUR VISIONS
ALWAYS COME TRUE,
JUST NOT ALWAYS
IN THE WAY YOU EXPECT.
NOW'S OUR CHANCE.
QUICK...
BEFORE DRAGON BOY
COMES.
WHAT? SHE DIGS ME.
[CRASH]
AND LIKE, YOU KNOW BOBBY
WILL TOTALLY DUMP SHELLEY
AS SOON AS HER ROOTS SHOW.
DYE JOB, MUCH?
YO, I THINK WE'RE
TOTALLY ONTO SOMETHING
WITH THIS ROSE THING.
SO AFTER WE TAKE
THE MYTHOLOGY TEST,
MAYBE WE CAN GO AND VISION
SOME STUFF ABOUT HER.
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT, SOME--
WHAT IN THE HECK
IS A PIXIE SCHNITZEL?
I JUST GOT A STRONG VISION OF
US SMELLING PIXIE SCHNITZEL.
OH! AND ROSE IS TOTALLY GONNA
TRIP DOWN STAIRS
IN, LIKE, 30 SECONDS.
YO! I'M ON IT!
WHOA!
OH.
WHOO. YOU ALWAYS SEEM TO BE
AT THE RIGHT PLACE
AT THE RIGHT TIME
THESE DAYS.
SPEAKING OF
THE RIGHT TIME...
[BELL RINGS]
I, UH...
THANKS FOR THE PUDDING.
CARE TO JOIN US
FOR THE TEST, MR. LONG?
MY-MY COUSINS ARE
SUPPOSED TO SIT--WHOA!
[BUZZING]
HEY, HEY! WATCH IT!
UH, THIS IS SORT OF
A BAD TIME.
THE BAD NEWS IS WE'RE
GONNA GET NABBED
BY HERBERT! HEE!
THE GOOD NEWS IS,
YOU'RE GONNA RESCUE US.
THE BAD NEWS IS
YOU'RE GONNA GET HIT
BY A BOULDER
GOING 180
MILES PER HOUR.
WOW! THAT'S GONNA HURT!
HERE. GOTTA GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
YOU REALIZE
THAT IF YOU LEAVE,
YOU WILL FAIL THIS TEST.
[DOOR OPENS]
AH. MUST HAVE BEEN
THE MEAT LOAF.
CARA! SARA!
AND THE JERSEY KNUCKLE-DRAGGERS
HAVE BEEN TOSSING BOULDERS
AT EACH OTHER FOR YEARS.
HEH HEH. HEY, MAYBE THEY SHOULD
JUST THROW AROUND J.T.'S
BIG BALD HEAD!
EVERYBODY COME ON!
KID, YOU'RE JUST
IN TIME!
WE GOTTA GET OVER
TO MADISON--
JAKE, WHERE ARE
THE ORACLE TWINS?
[INHALES]
HERBERT NEVER MISSES
THE OGRE BOWL.
I AM SURE THE TWINS
ARE IN THERE SOMEWHERE.
CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS?
CODE FOR SECRET
MAGICAL EVENT INSIDE.
TRUST ME.
BY THE TIME THE
OGRE BOWL IS OVER,
THEY'LL NEED
TO RENOVATE.
[CROWD CHEERING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
UNH!
AW, WE'RE NEVER GONNA
FIND THEM IN THIS PLACE.
THEY COULD BE ANYWHERE.
PIXIE SCHNITZEL.
TO BE THINKING ABOUT THAT
DELICIOUS, STEAMING FRESH
SCHNITZEL
THAT THE PIXIES SERVE WITH
THE LITTLE SPRINKLES AND--
OK, JUST A QUICK ONE.
SARA HAD A VISION
OF THEM SMELLING IT.
THERE!
COME ON. YUM.
AND YOU'LL GET
ALL THE PIXIE SCHNITZEL
YOUR HEART DESIRES.
GREAT. THANKS.
[SPLAT]
OK, LIKE, SORRY,
RUDE GIRL.
I DON'T KNOW WHO
YOU THINK YOU ARE,
BUT--
FRANK, IT'S OVER.
YOU'RE NOT IN SCHOOL
ANYMORE.
YOU'LL REGRET GOING
OUT WITH SHELLEY!
YOU HEAR ME, BOBBY?
BEAUTY IS ONLY
SKIN DEEP!
IT'S NOT TOO LATE
FOR SOME SERIOUS
HALF-TIME BETS,
SO YOU LADIES BETTER
START FORESEEING
SOME OGRE BOWL ACTION
OR ELSE WHAT,
HERBIE?
JUST LET THE TWINS--
[GRUNTING]
I'M GOING TO MAKE A GOLD MINE
OFF THESE ORACLES.
[GRUNTS]
AAH!
[CRASH]
THEY'RE NOT JUST
ORACLES.
AND YOU CAN'T JUST
USE THEM FOR YOUR OWN
SELFISH REASONS.
OH, SPEAKING
OF THAT,
HOW'S ROSE?
SHE'S GREAT, THANKS.
WAIT, WAIT.
I DIDN'T USE--
I MEAN, I DIDN'T USE--
I MEAN--
IT'S TIME TO PLAY
SOME HALFTIME ACTION.
[BOTH GASP]
[BOTH SCREAMING]
FU! LET'S GO!
[PANTING]
[BUZZER]
SOME OF THEM HAVE BEEN CLOCKED
AT OVER 180 MILES PER HOUR.
J.T., I'M SCARED. WHAT ARE YOU?
WAIT.
180 MILES PER HOUR...
IF I GO OUT THERE,
I'LL--
JAKE!
HERE GOES NOTHING.
DRAGON ON THE FIELD!
WHAT'S YOUR HURRY,
HERBIE?
KID, BEHIND YOU!
HUH? OH, GOSH!
SAY WHAT?
[ALL SHOUTING]
JAKE! OH, TALK TO ME.
OH...I GOTTA
GET OUT OF HERE.
I'M GONNA GET HIT
BY A BOULDER
GOING 180
MILES PER HOUR!
HA HA HA HA!
ALREADY HAPPENED,
KID.
HEY, CAN I GET
A LITTLE HELP
OVER HERE?
LET'S TAKE A LOOK
AT THAT LAST PLAY.
THE BOULDER HERE WAS GOING
180 MILES PER HOUR,
BUT JAKE WAS FLYING
AT A CRUISING SPEED
OF 179.
THAT MAKES THE RELATIVE
SPEED OF THE BOULDER A MERE
ONE MILE AN HOUR,
[CHUCKLING]
NOW, IF IT WAS J.T.'S
BIG BALD HEAD THAT HIT YA,
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
ANOTHER STORY, RIGHT, J.T.?
'CAUSE THAT'S A ROCK.
THAT'S A BIG, HARD--
ALL RIGHT, SMARTY PANTS,
TAKE A WALK.
THANKS FOR SAVING US!
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
I BELIEVE THIS IS YOURS.
I'LL TAKE THAT.
OW! STOP! THAT'S
THE THANKS I GET
FOR SAVING YOUR LIFE?
WELL, IF YOU HADN'T
ABANDONED US IN THE HALLWAY,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
HAD TO SAVE OUR LIVES
IN THE FIRST PLACE...
NOW THAT WE DON'T
TOTALLY APPRECIATE IT!
I'M JUST SAYING
YOU COULD HAVE CALLED.
I KEPT DINNER WARM
FOR YOU ALL NIGHT.
YO, WHATEVER.
I ATE DINNER AT HOME.
WE NEED TO COMMUNICATE
IF WE WANT THIS THING
TO WORK!
DOES THE RABBIT
GO THROUGH THE HOLE
OR UNDER THE HOLE?
WE'RE TYING THIS THING
IN A KNOT ONCE AND FOR ALL.
HEH. TRIX!
HUH. WE TIED THE KNOT.
THAT'S WHAT ORACLE GIRL
WAS TALKING ABOUT.
HA! WE TIED THE KNOT!
YOU MEAN WE DON'T HAVE TO--
THE WEDDING IS OFF,
DUDETTE!
HEAR THAT,
LADIES OF N.Y.C.?
SPUD IS ONCE AGAIN
A FREE MAN!
MMM. DENZEL, HONEY...
YOU KEEP THE LIGHT ON
FOR MAMA TRIXIE, OK?
DOES THAT MEAN WE DON'T
GET TO GO TO BORA BORA?
SO I GUESS I WASN'T
THE BEST BODYGUARD, HUH?
WELL, YOU DID GIVE UP
YOUR TEST TO SAVE US.
OH, SPEAKING OF THE TEST--
ACTUALLY, EVERYONE'S GONNA
HAVE TO TAKE A WHOLE NEW TEST.
SOMETHING INVOLVING
BAD MEAT LOAF.
UGH. YOU'LL FIND OUT
TOMORROW.
LISTEN, WE OWE YOU ONE.
AND SEE IF ANY VISIONS
FROM THE NEW TEST
HIT US.
THANKS, BUT
NO MORE SHORTCUTS.
I THINK I'LL TAKE CARE OF
THIS ONE MYSELF.
WELL, THANKS FOR RISKING
YOUR LIFE TO SAVE US,
KNOWING YOU WERE GONNA GET HIT
BY THAT BOULDER AND EVERYTHING.
HEY! LIFE'S TOO SHORT
TO LET A LITTLE BAD NEWS
KEEP YOU FROM LIVING.
THAT'S A SUPER DUPER
ATTITUDE!
WHEN YOU FIND OUT
THE DARK, AWFUL TRUTH
ABOUT ROSE.
WELL, HEH HEH, NIGHT!
WHAT? WHAT--WHAT--
WHAT TRUTH?
HEY, GUYS!
GUYS!